# Introduction

This package contains both Syntax Highlighting rules for ColdFusion (The "ColdFusion" folder), and a collection of Snippets (The "ColdFusion-Indy" folder) for quickly inserting CFML code.

The syntax highlighting is mostly a port from [the cfTextMate TextMate bundle](https://github.com/andyj/CFTextMate).

The snippets in the ColdFuion-Indy folder are the ones that I use myself. Feel free to use them if they are useful to you. Otherwise you can ignore or delete the folder.

I've also included a Textmate color scheme that I like: Merbivore Soft. I've tweaked it to make it work much nicer with ColdFusion code.

## Installing on Mac:
* Move/Copy the "ColdFusion" folder into `~/Library/Application Support/Sublime Text 2/Packages/` folder
* Create a symlink from the `Installed Packages` folder to the physical copy in the Packages folder. This enables it in Sublime.
* If you want to use my variation of the "Merbivore Soft" color scheme from TextMate, copy the file `Color Scheme - Default/Indy Merbivore Soft.tmTheme` into the folder `~/Library/Application Support/Sublime Text 2/Color Scheme - Default`.
* If you want to use my snippets, Move/Copy the "ColdFusion-Indy" folder into `~/Library/Application Support/Sublime Text 2/Packages/` and Symlink it into the `Installed Packages` folder. These are not required to get ColdFusion syntax highlighting.

## Installing on Windows:

Note: The above paths are for OS X. To find the path for Sublime Text 2's extension folder in other operating systems, open Sublime Text 2 and click Preferences -> "Browse Packages..."

* Move/Copy the "ColdFusion" foldr into C:\Users\[your username]\AppData\Roaming\Sublime Text\Packages folder